Where and how did you learn your technical skills? (750 characters or less)*
The resources I used to learn my technical skills were online self-studying and hands-on meetup groups. Codecademy was the start to my journey and it helped me learn the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The challenge after learning those modules was applying my knowledge to real life examples. ChickTech and Women Who Code Seattle were my home base to ask questions and get mentoring on some of the smaller projects I wanted to work on. My biggest take away from starting my tech career is "speak up", because I may not have the answer, but someone in does.

Tell us about a project you have worked on that you take a great deal of pride in. Provide links if available. (750 characters or less)*
The project that brings me the most pride is my coffee slider app that I worked on at Girl's Develop It's West Hackathon. The function of the app is to tell you what coffee to order based on your mood. My contribution to the project was building graphics and styling the site. I took pride in this project, because it was a moment where I discovered how to blend my technical and creative side. This app was the first time I got out of my comfort zone and I found ways to apply my self-taught knowledge to a project. I was able to work with other women going through different stages of their careers and ask questions to how they built a particular script or why did they like the tech world. 

https://github.com/JudyVue/Coffee-Health-Slider

Why do you think you will be a successful LaunchCode apprentice? (750 characters or less)*
My attitude and unstoppable will to grow within the tech industry will make me a successful LaunchCode apprentice. I am a visionary person that will be producing some of the best code for VR technology with the right mentors and guidance. Also, LaunchCode is not only looking for apprentices, but for future leaders who can be giving, inclusive, and wise, and who can set examples for the next generation of tech enthusiast.  I want to grow my skills as an apprentice, and later, become a role model for LaunchCode - whether it's by becoming a volunteer or speaker for LaunchCode after my apprenticeship to demonstrate the impact this program will have on my life.
